This deserted city is indeed the Nangong of Art.
Ten thousand city troops
My army of 200,000
The palace was destroyed overnight
And waiting for the coach to participate in the election
The enemy's main account
you are attracted to me
I can kill you at any time
It’s the coach Wu Ming.
Am I already so famous?
I thought that I would be betrothed to a young boy.
I will not be reconciled
Don't be unwilling
Your 300,000 troops are gone
What did you give me?
An army of 100,000 people
How is it done?
From the first day I came to the military camp
I'm willing to occupy it, but I'm not as good as me
You who hurt the country will write
You must be too arrogant for your own use
That's what caused your failure
I just grasp this
Let Li Jiajun launch the fierce palace first
I fought for two full days.
It's not enough for you to produce Li Jiajun, so wrong evidence
build your confidence
Next, the integrated product concept behind
Those who stop by mistake will be defeated without stopping.
Increase your confidence
Make you so angry
Finally, lead your large army into the mountains and forests
Don’t be afraid of meeting each other in one fell swoop
Tell me about your loneliness? Very wearable
Your brain needs to be able to see through
How valuable are you here?
In the forest battle
To fuck Li Jiajun
I'll worship you after Fu Yu plays resistance.
Just to give you a blessing
Li Jiajun is going to alienate everyone.
And after Li Jiajun lost a group of people, he worshiped
Who would have thought
There is another group behind
These playful words are sincere
Three hundred thousand troops
I used hundreds of billions of casualties
and two layers of a week
Just took them all
You are such a good movie
from now on
Wen Cheng is handsome